Add logging rules to Eventing code guidelines (#688)
kyma-project/community: concepts/eventing-code-guidelines.md

```
</details>

> ### Logging Rules

Reviewer: nit: Should we name it Logging Guidelines instead ? This would make it consistent with the rest of the document which talks about guidelines and not rules.
What do you think ?

> ### Logging Guidelines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Logging guidelines
```

Kyma uses [sentence case for headlines](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting/#headings) ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: done

> Here are some general rules to standardize logs across eventing components:

Reviewer 2: I think it's common to capitalize "Eventing" because it's a Kyma component. Correct me if I'm misunderstanding this here.

```suggestion
Standardize logs across Eventing components according to the following general and code-specific rules:
```

Author: Not sure, what you mean here. In the sentence I meant, that the logs should be capitalised, not the Kyma components.

Author: Not sure, what you mean here. In the sentence I meant, that the logs should be capitalised, not the Kyma components.

Reviewer 2: I meant the word "Eventing" is usually written as `Eventing` not `eventing` when we refer to the Kyma component that Tunas take care of. 
Whereas, if it's the generic computer science term "eventing" about actions/occurrences recognized by a software, you can keep it in lower case, `eventing`, and you can disregard my suggestion to write `Eventing` in such cases.

Author: Ok, now I get what you mean. I replaced the sentence, because I like your suggestion more than mine.

> 

Author: done

> Here are some general rules to keep the logs standardized across the eventing components:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are some general rules to standardize logs across eventing components:
```

Author: done

> - Log message should be as short and meaningful as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each log message should be as short and meaningful as possible.
```

Author: done

> - Logs should be aligned with the unified way of logging inside kyma ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/README.md)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Logs should be aligned with the unified way of logging inside Kyma (see [Consistent Logging](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/README.md)).
```
I like meaningful link texts

Author: done

- Each log message should have enough context to convey what happened.

> - Each log message should have the proper log level ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/unified-approach-to-logging-levels.md)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each log message should have the proper log level (see [Unified approach to logging levels](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/unified-approach-to-logging-levels.md)).
```

Author: done

> Code-specific rules:

Author: done

> - Each log message should have the proper log level ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/16520807578a889f763bb8083601ae0de357aa3d/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/unified-approach-to-logging-levels.md))

Reviewer 4: Please let's put a `.` at the end of each point.

> - Each log message should have the proper log level ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/16520807578a889f763bb8083601ae0de357aa3d/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/unified-approach-to-logging-levels.md))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Each log message should have the proper log level ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/unified-approach-to-logging-levels.md)).
```

lets use a link to main branch instead of specific commit.

Author: Done

> - Consider using `uber-go/zap` logging library. Label the logger by naming it with the component name and add the context whenever it is possible ([reference](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/improvement-of-log-messages-usability.md#log-structure)):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Consider using the `uber-go/zap` logging library. Label the logger by naming it with the component name and add the context whenever it is possible (see [Log structure](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/concepts/observability-consistent-logging/improvement-of-log-messages-usability.md#log-structure)):
```

Author: done

  <details>
        <summary>Example</summary>

  ```go
  namedLogger := r.logger.WithContext().Named("logger-name").With("backend", "BEB")
  r.namedLogger().Info("Creating Event Publisher deployment")
  ```
  will output:
  ```
  {"level":"INFO","timestamp":"2022-07-04T12:00:36+02:00","logger":"logger-name","caller":"backend/reconciler.go:741","message":"Creating Event Publisher deployment","context":{"backend":"BEB"}}
  ```
  </details>

> - Don't log the error in case you return the same error as a result for the `Reconcile()` method. **Reason:** kubebuilder will output it too, so in the end the user will have two very similar logs one after another:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-If you return the same error as a result for the `Reconcile()` method, don't log the error. That's because Kubebuilder will output it too, so the user gets two very similar logs one after another:
```

Author: done

> - Don't log the error in case you return the same error as a result for the `Reconcile()` method. **Reason:** kubebuilder will output it too, so in the end the use will have two very similar outputs one after another:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Don't log the error in case you return the same error as a result for the `Reconcile()` method. **Reason:** kubebuilder will log it too, so in the end the user will have two very similar logs one after another:
```

  <details>
      <summary>Example</summary>

    ```go
    namedLogger.Errorw("Failed to sync BEB subscription", "error", err)
    updateErr := r.updateSubscription(ctx, subscription, log); updateErr != nil {
          return ctrl.Result{}, errors.Wrap(err, updateErr.Error())
    }
    ```

>   will result into duplication of logs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  will result in duplication of logs:
```

Author: done

>   will result into this double output:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  will result into duplication of logs:
```

Author: done

    ```
    {"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2022-07-01T08:20:26Z","logger":"beb-subscription-reconciler","caller":"beb/reconciler.go:275","message":"Failed to sync BEB subscription","context":{"kind":"Subscription","version":2,"namespace":"tunas-testing","name":"test-noapp","error":"prefix not found"}}
    {"level":"ERROR","timestamp":"2022-07-01T08:20:26Z","caller":"controller/controller.go:326","message":"Reconciler error","context":{"controller":"beb-subscription-reconciler","object":{"name":"test-noapp","namespace":"tunas-testing"},"namespace":"tunas-testing","name":"test-noapp","reconcileID":"9994dd3e-0104-4170-82aa-79df9ec41af1","error":"prefix not found"}}
    ```
  </details>

> - Capitalize the component names, i.e. Event Publisher, or EventingBackend:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Capitalize the component names, for example, Event Publisher, or Eventing Backend:
```
[We don't like CamelCase](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology/#capitalized-terms). Is it necessary here?

Author: The problem is, that we already had this type of writing all over our eventing-controller component. And I think the link you mentioned is more applicable to docs, rather than to logs. In this document we talking purely about log output.

Reviewer 2: Alright, the justification is sound :)

Reviewer 2: Still, get rid of the abbreviation "i.e.".
If you want to keep the meaning, for the sake of simple language, I would usually suggest English "that is" instead of Latin "id est". 
But I think in this case "for example" might match better - those are examples, not an exhaustive list, right?

Author: The i.e. is already taken care of :)

  ```go
  namedLogger.Debug("Event Publisher deployment not ready...")
  ```

> - In order to recognize the error logs easier, they should have the following structure:

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
- In order to recognize the error logs easily, they should have the following structure:
```

Author: done

> - In order to recognize the error logs easily, they should have the following structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the standardized structure:
```

Author: done

>   *past tense started with **Failed to...**, followed by the error wrapped with some meaningful context*:

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
  *past tense starting with **Failed to...**, followed by the error wrapped with some meaningful context*:
```

Author: done

>   *past tense started with **Failed to...**, after that the error wrapped with some meaningful context*:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  *past tense started with **Failed to...**, followed by the error wrapped with some meaningful context*:
```

Author: done

    ```
    namedLogger.Errorw("Failed to update Event Publisher secret", "error", err)
    ```
-  Capitalize the first letter of the first word in the logs, including the error logs:

>   ```go
>   namedLogger.Debug("Creating secret for BEB publisher")
>   ```

Reviewer: nit: The indention is wrong: it needs to have the same indention as the text (which means one more space):
<img width="872" alt="Screenshot 2022-07-06 at 16 38 53" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8013145/177576643-77e556ce-45a4-4dbf-92b4-c143ee08db71.png">
```suggestion
   ```go
   namedLogger.Debug("Creating secret for BEB publisher")
   ```
```

> - Capitilize all the logs, including the error messages:

Reviewer 4: The `Capitilize` has a typo, also I don't understand the sentence? Should all the log message be in upper-case or only the beginning? It is not clear.

Author: You're right, I rephrased the sentence.
